OSDOCS-3009: RN for Ingress router compression (#41461)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-10-release-notes.adoc

For more information, see xref:../support/gathering-cluster-data.adoc#support-network-trace-methods_gathering-cluster-data[Network trace methods] and xref:../support/gathering-cluster-data.adoc#support-collecting-host-network-trace_gathering-cluster-data[Collecting a host network trace].

[id="ocp-4-10-ne-router-compression"]
==== Ingress Controller router compression

> This enhancement adds the ability to configure the HAProxy Ingress Controller to specify router compression globally for specific MIME types. This update enables gzip-HTTP-compression of your your ingress workloads when there are large amounts of compressible routed traffic.

Reviewer: Rest looks good to me

> This enhancement adds the ability to configure the HAProxy Ingress Controller to specify router compression globally for specific MIME types. This update enables gzip-HTTP-compression of your your ingress workloads when there are large amounts of compressible routed traffic.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This enhancement adds the ability to configure global HTTP traffic compression on the HAProxy Ingress Controller for specific MIME types. This update enables gzip-compression of your ingress workloads when there are large amounts of compressible routed traffic.
```

Reviewer 2: @skrthomas - something happened after this, the new text is different and incorrect.

> This enhancement adds the ability to configure global HTTP traffic compression on the Ingress Controller to specify router for specific MIME types.

If you use the OpenShift SDN cluster network provider, you can now use egress rules in network policy with `ipBlock` and `ipBlock.except`. You define egress policies in the `egress` array of the `NetworkPolicy` object.

For more information, refer to xref:../networking/network_policy/about-network-policy.adoc#about-network-policy[About network policy].

> =======

Reviewer 3: This line looks like it might have been left over from a merge conflict resolution? It's throwing off the rest of the text.
